Did you hear about the frog that parked illegally?;;Don't worry, he got toad.
I accidentally took my cat's meds this morning.;;Don't ask meow.
I built a model of Mount Everest. My son asked, “Is it to scale?”;;”No”, I said, “It’s to look at”.
“I wish I was rich!”, Steve said. The gene nodded. “What is your second wish?”;;Rich exclaimed, “I want lots of money”.
Did you know 10+10 = 11+11?;;10+10=20, and 11+11=22!
I got a tattoo of a thermos.;;When my wife tried to look I said, “Don’t touch the thermos tat!”;;Things got a little heated after that.
I’ve discovered that I’m terrified of elevators.;;I’m taking steps to avoid them.
I was a little afraid of speed bumps.;;But I’m slowly getting over them!
When I’m feeling lonely I get drunk in an elevator.;;That really lifts my spirits!
To kill a french vampire you need to drive a baguette through its heart.;;Sounds easy, but the process is painstaking.
What’s made of leather and sounds like a sneeze?;;A shoe.
My wife looked at my son and told him his shoes were on the wrong feet.;;”That can’t be, these are the only feet I have!”
Go to bed, the cows are sleeping in the field;;It’s pasture bedtime.
If you rearrange the letters of MAILMEN…;;It makes them very angry.
Iamonthemoonthereisnoplacetogetabeer;;Youmightsaythereisnospacebar
Chinese takeout: $8. Tip: $2. Getting home to find they forgot part of your order?;;Riceless
Why won’t swords go obselete?;;They’re cutting-edge technology.
Which is faster, hot or cold?;;Hot because you can catch a cold.
I had a vasectomy because I didn’t want kids.;;When I got home, they were still there.
My wife found me playing with my kid’s train set. I was so embarrassed I threw a bedsheet over it.;;I think I managed to cover my tracks.
Why can’t two elephants swim at the same time?;;They only have a pair of trunks.
My friend claims that he accidentally glued himself to his autobiography, but I don’t believe him.;;But that’s his story, and he’s sticking to it.
Why is “Dark” spelled with a K and not a C?;;Because you can’t C in the dark.
Why is “beefstew” an unsafe password?;;Because it’s not stroganoff
A spanish magician says he will disappear on the count of three. He says “uno, dos…” Poof.;;He disappeared without a tres.
In an alternate universe, Hercules was a woman.;;Himcules.
A cheese factory exploded in France.;;Da brie was everywhere.
My left knee has never committed a crime;;I can’t sat the same for his felony.
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo;;I had to put my foot down.
I’ve decided to quit my job as a personal trainer because I’m not big and strong enough.;;I’m handing in my too weak notice now.;;At least the weight has been lifted off my shoulder.
They said gloves and a mask would be enough to go to the supermarket;;They lied, everyone else had their clothes on.
Which weighs more: A pound of water or a pound of butane?;;A pound of water. Butane is a lighter fluid.
How do you make a water bed more bouncy?;;Add spring water.
What has four letters, sometimes nine letters, never five letters.
My friend was bragging that his new 3D printer could print a gun.;;Big deal. I’ve had a cannon printer for years.
A girl on Tinder asked me why I have a picture of an unlit cigarette in my picture.;;I’m just looking for matches.
Bilbo Baggins suddenly wakes up and hears someone singing “Don’t Stop Believing”;;It was an unexpected Journey.
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and says, “A beer please…”;;”And one for the road”
What do you call a calculator that works instantly?;;A calcunow.
I hate how funerals are always at 9AM;;I’m not really a mourning person.
My dad passed today.;;Don’t worry, he’s a soccer player. He’s still kicking.
My math teacher called me average;;How mean!
Why is B so cool?;;Because it’s in the AC.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday?;;AYE MATEY!
SCUBA is an acronym for Self Contained Underwater Breathing Apparatus. What you may not know is that tuba is also an acronym…;;For Terrible Underwater Breathing Apparatus.
I’ve been saying “mucho” to my Spanish friend a lot more recently.;;It means a lot to him.
A man in an interrogation room says “I’m not saying anything without my lawyer present!”;; The cop growls, “You ARE the lawyer!”;;The lawyer shrieks, “Exactly! So where’s my present?!”
What’s a thousand time better than Instagram?;;Instakilogram.
When people think of caclulators, they think the buttons are the most important thing.;;But it’s what’s inside that counts.
Justice is a dish best served cold.;;If it were served warm it would be justwater.
I read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds.;;That poor bastard.
My deaf girlfriend just told me “We need to talk”;;That’s not a good sign.
What is the least spoken language in the world?;;Sign language.
Today I leaned humans eat more bananas than monkeys;;I can’t remember the last time I ate a monkey.
If you tickle a man to death by accident…;;Is it manslaughter?
I asked Siri, “Surely it’s not going to rain today”;;Siri responded “It will, and don’t call me Shirley”;;I guess I forgot to turn off airplane mode.
When the first photograph of a blackhole was released, I though…;;This sucks.
“Dad, how do you cast spells?”;;”Just follow the instructions”;;”Which instructions?”;;”That’s right”
“Dad, are we pyromaniacs?”;;”Yes, we arson”
“Dad, do you know what a solar eclipse is?”;;”No son.”
I hate Russian nesting dolls.;;They’re so full of themselves.
A storm blew away 25% of my roof last night.;;oof.
Why does Dracula always bite people in the neck?;;Because he's a neck romancer.
A man has been stealing the wheels of police cars;;The police are working tirelessly to catch him.


